# Question 3
## (i) [4 points] Give an example of a computation that Turing would have probably believed a human would be unable to do without paper. Justify your answer.
	
An example of a computation that Turing would have likely believed a human would be unable to do without paper is comparing two incredibly long numbers to confirm they are equal. In his paper, he uses the numbers 9999999999999999 and 999999999999999 to argue that the human mind has a finite number of states of mind, and this limited memory makes it difficult for a human to compute the quality of these numbers without paper. A human would be unable to tell at a glance if they are equal.

## (ii) [4 points] Is Turing more concerned with creating a machine that can simulate human computation or with creating a machine that humans can simulate? Justify your answer.

Turing is absolutely more concerned with creating a machine that can simulate human computation. Turing explicitly states "We may compare a man in the process of computing a real number to a machine", which tells us that the starting point for his rationale is a human, and the machines he is creating are a model of human computation. Furthermore, when we look at the machines tapes, Turing refers to them as the analogue of a human's state of mind. These ideas support the arguments that the simple operations of his machine include all those which are used in the computation of a number by a human. He is not interested in whether a human can trace the machine's steps, but whether the machine can successfully model the human's fundamental computational behavior